Previously on 90210...
ANNIE:
I-I found some articles
about suicide
under your desk blotter.
Are you really
thinking about suicide?
I have Alzheimer's
disease, Annie.
I want you to have this.
ANNIE:
"My Dear Annie:
I feel so fortunate
to have met you."
(crying):
Marla...
I wanted to schedule my
post-chemo checkup.
Think I'm ready now.
I really need your help.
What's going on?
NAVID: It's Silver. She hasn't
been acting like herself
lately.
I'm worried, man.
I just don't understand why
this had to happen to her.
Anyone would need a drink
and a friend to talk to
after what you've
been through.
(sniffs, groans)
(sighs)
NAVID:
Adrianna?
Hey.
(groans)
I, um...
(coughs)
Did you sleep here?
I guess I fell asleep.
How much did I
drink last night?
You were pretty upset.
Silver's in the hospital.
Was that last night?
Yeah... that was last night.
God, I-I-I remember
dropping her off
and then you
driving me home,
and then I remember
drinking, but then...
I don't even remember
going to sleep.
I blacked out-- that's
never happened before.
I don't even remember
going to bed last night.
I don't remember a thing.
You don't remember anything?
You don't remember anything.
What do you mean?
I-I can't believe this.
We kissed.
We kissed?
I kissed you?
Yes. You kissed me
and held me,
and told me
you still loved me.
What the hell
is wrong with me?
Navid, don't be upset.
Uh, how can I not
be upset, Ade?
I-I cheated on Silver.
Well, that's because you don't
really love Silver.
That's what you said last night.
What? I said that...
Okay, um, you-you
have to go-- now.
Will you call me later?
J-J-Just go, Ade!
Please?
(door closes)
It doesn't feel real,
you know?
Feels like I'm in a movie
or dream or something.
Yeah. I've never been
to a funeral before.
It's like she can't
really be gone, you know?
I keep thinking
I'm going to turn around
and see her alive.
ANNIE: Marla would have
loved those flowers.
Yes. Peonies were my
mother's favorite.
Mother?
I'm Brooke Templeton,
Marla's daughter.
Oh. I'm Annie.
This is my boyfriend Liam.
I'm sorry for
your loss.
Thank you.
How did you know my mother?
I had been working for her
for the past few weeks.
Just cleaning, organizing,
running errands;
that kind of stuff.
She was an amazing woman,
and it was an honor...
to have known her.
Even for as brief
a time as I did.
She was quite a woman.
Okay, everybody,
um, the service
is about
to begin.
Nice to meet you both.
You, too.
Dixon! Wait up!
Hey, Harper.
Navid told me what's
going on with Silver.
I hear you're helping out
while she's in the hospital?
Yep. Collecting her homework,
doing Blaze stuff.
Whatever she needs.
Then that makes you
the new co-chair
of the prom committee.
Congratulations!
Silver and I have been working
on it for months, but--
Prom committee?
I-I don't know, Harper.
You do want to help
Silver, right?
Right, but what do I know
about planning a prom?
Don't worry. I've planned
three dances a year
for the last four years;
I know what I'm doing.
And it's basically
already done.
Silver was in charge
of party supplies
and general ambience.
So... are you going to help
a friend in need,
or are you going to
flake out?
I'm ... going to help.
(squeals happily)
This is going to be
the best prom ever!
Now, tuck in your shirt.
We have an image to project.
Mmm...
Mmm.
You think I can't keep
my hands off you now,
wait until I get
you that tux.
I'm actually excited
about it.
I mean, it's funny.
Up till now,
I've spent
every prom night
playing World of Warcraft
with Allen and Gilbert.
Oh, well, unlike
those prom nights,
at the end of this one,
you'll be naked.
Well, you'd be surprised,
World of Warcraft
makes me do
some crazy things.
Oh, really?
Mmm...
(clears throat)
Ms. Clark.
Looking forward to reading
your final paper
on the French Revolution,
tomorrow.
Right, the French
Revolution.
I'm all over it.
I hope so.
I'm sure I don't
have to remind you how close
you are to failing my class.
I was failing?
Since when?
You got a D-minus
on your mid-term
and turned your oral
presentation on Ancient Egypt
into a lesson
on moisturizing.
You need to do
really well on this paper,
or I'll be seeing you
in summer school.
Oh, my God, Max.
What am I going to do?
I cannot write a ten-page paper
in one night.
If I fail his class,
I'm not going to graduate,
and if I don't graduate,
I'm not going to go to C.U.!
Naomi, slow down.
Look, when we were in Cabo,
you learned the basics of
calculus in one afternoon.
You can write this paper.
(sighs) Think so?
Of course I do.
I mean, it may take
all night, but...
we both know you do some of your
best work after midnight.
That's true.
You're here.
Yeah.
You're the best boyfriend.
(knock on door)
Hey!
SILVER: Hey...
ADRIANNA:
Oh, you poor thing.
I brought you some flowers.
Aw...
I'll put them in a vase.
What are you doing here?
You have to leave.
Not until we talk.
Just go, Ade.
Hey, how are we
feeling today?
Mmm... okay.
A bit woozy.
But I'm better.
Good.
Can we talk in private
for a moment?
Yeah.
That's okay; they can stay.
They're like family.
DOCTOR: Okay. Well,
the good news is
you can go home today.
The not-so-good
news is that
I got the results back
from your blood test
and there was no trace of
medication in your system.
SILVER:
What does that mean?
The medication stopped working?
No, it means
you haven't been taking it.
Yes, I have.
Silver, as you
know, it's crucial
for people with
bipolar disorder
to be consistent
with their medication.
And I have been.
I've been taking
my pills every day.
I can go home right now,
bring 'em back and show you.
That won't be necessary.
I want to show you.
Fine.
I have an appointment
to see you day after tomorrow.
You can bring them
with you then.
Okay, I will.
Now, be aware, you're going
to be a bit off-balance,
and a little out of it
for a few days.
You could even suffer
a little paranoia
until the new medication
fully takes effect.
So just take it easy,
get a lot of sleep
and most importantly,
take your pills.
I will. I have been.
So I'll start putting
through the paperwork
so we can get
you out of here.
Thank you.
Well, that's good news.
Great news.
Yeah.
That's great.
(anxious laugh)
DIXON:
Harper!
Look, I said
I'm going to be there, okay?
No! No, I said
I promise. I...
I'm not going to say that.
No! I'm not going to...
Okay. I, uh...
super-duper-swear promise.
All right. Bye.
So, you and Harper having fun?
Oh, she's the best.
Hey, Annie, Dixon... um,
I need to talk to you
about something.
What's up, Mama?
(sighs)
There's no easy way
to say this, but...
your dad and I have been
trying to figure it out,
and we have realized
that we cannot afford
to send you to private schools.
We can only afford
state schools right now.
And we are so proud
of the both of you.
I mean, Carnegie Mellon and-and
Pepperdine are amazing schools,
and you both deserve to go.
But you just can't
afford to send us.
It's okay, Mom.
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We'll figure it out.
I'm sorry I let you down.
No, no, seriously, Mom.
Don't worry
about it, okay?
It'll be fine.
This thing on?
Mr. Kher, would you like to make
a comment for the record?
Yeah. Waiting for
test results sucks.
Look, it's going
to be okay. Okay?
DOCTOR:
Hey, Raj.
Hi, Dr. Harris.
How's it going?
Uh, this is
my girlfriend Ivy.
Hey.
How are you?
Yeah, I'm okay,
I guess.
Well, Raj,
I'm afraid
your CLL was resistant
to that last round of chemo.
And your platelet count
is also very low,
which we would classify
as Stage IV.
That means the
cancer's progressed.
Okay.
Now that leaves us
with a few options.
But while we're
exploring those,
I'd like to get more aggressive
with another round of chemo.
Try a single agent,
on a daily schedule.
Every day?
DR. HARRIS:
For a month.
Then we'll see where we're at.
DR. HARRIS:
I'm sorry, Raj.
I know that's not what you
wanted to hear.
Okay...
Got everything we need
for an all-nighter:
energy drinks, candy bars,
and... bubble wrap.
Bubble wrap?
Mm-hmm.
It's amazing
how refreshing it is
to pop bubble wrap around
3:00 in the morning.
It's like smelling salts
for the ears.
How's the paper coming?
It's not. But check this out.
Remember those
photos we took
in the hotel room
in Cabo?
Of course I do.
So what are you up to?
In this one,
I look fabulous, as usual,
but you're blinking.
I have sensitive eyes.
And this one, you look good,
and I'm laughing at a text.
Now watch.
(typing)
Voila!
I'm totally geeking out
over this.
You must be rubbing off on me.
While that is very cool, you
really need to start writing.
I know, I know.
I'm such a procrastinator.
It's hopeless.
How am I supposed
to write ten pages?
Don't think of it
as a ten-page paper.
Think of it as ten
one-page papers.
Um, that sounds worse.
Well, think of it as
half a 20-page paper.
Or just an eighth
of an 80-page paper.
Or alternatively, as 40
quarter-page papers...
Will you shut up?
If you start writing.
Oh...
Okay.
(sighs)
All right.
Here we go.
HARPER:
Black lights? Lasers?
There has to be
some kind of mistake.
We're supposed to be picking up
supplies for a high school prom.
It's a formal.
Yeah. Why would we need
all of this stuff?
That's what I asked
the girl who ordered it--
"Erin Silver."
She was very clear
about what she wanted,
and very... excited.
Silver must have ordered this
stuff while she was manic.
I feel a migraine coming on.
Like the one I got before
Sophomore Winter Ball.
Okay, uh, just
relax, Harper.
Um, we'll make this work.
Everything'll be okay.
Help me out.
You got it.
(Dixon grunts)
You can do it, champ.
(sighs)
Oh, mmm, that feels good.
Can you come forward
just a little bit?
Mm-hmm.
Mmm. And down?
Down just a little bit.
Okay-- hey, hey, hey...
No.
Don't you trick me
with your feminine wiles.
Come on.
Back to work, champ.
Boo/
What are you on?
Page four.
That's good.
Yeah, just 12 half-page
papers to go.
There you go.
(sighs)
(knocking on door)
Knock, knock?
Hey. In the bathroom.
So, what do you think?
I think you look like you again.
Yeah?
Mm-hmm.
Well, I'm starting
to feel like me again.
So thank God for that.
What's in the bag?
I come bearing gifts.
What? You didn't...
You're so sweet.
(laughs)
Come on, open it up.
All right. Thank you.
You're welcome.
(gasps)
Aw! (laughs)
Legally Blonde
and red velvet cupcakes?
It's embarrassing how
happy this makes me.
Your secret's safe with me.
That goes to show what
kind of film student I am.
Oh, so you want to watch the
movie and eat some cupcakes?
Um, you know,
I actually have to run.
I just wanted
to drop that stuff off.
Oh, okay.
But I'll call you
later and check in.
Sounds good.
Bye.
Thanks again.
(giggles)
Well?
It's great.
You're not just saying that?
No, I'm not.
You make some good arguments
and you back them up
with solid research.
It's definitely an "A" paper.
Then I did it!
Yeah, you did it.
Maybe I'm the one who should
be going to Cal Tech.
(chuckles)
Mmm...
(sighs) My mind is saying
"Jump his bones,"
but my body's
saying "crash."
Make it up to you
after prom?
Go crash.
You earned it.
Okay.
(knocking)
Hey.
Hey. Oh, you can
help me out.
I can't figure out
what dress to wear.
All right, now this one is
fabulous, obviously,
and it's really like
a prom dress,
you know, in a good way.
But it doesn't go
with the necklace.
And this one is not quite
as fabulous,
but it goes a lot better
with the necklace,
and I really want
to wear the necklace.
So what do you think?
I'm a dude and
I'm your brother.
I have no opinion.
You're right.
Fair enough.
Uh, can I talk to you about
something else, though?
Sure.
Cool.
(sighs anxiously)
Okay, um,
so, I've been thinking.
If next year I go
to a community college,
Mom and Dad could still afford
to send you to Carnegie Mellon.
No, no, Dixon.
Annie, look, it, it's cool,
all right?
You've been talking about
Carnegie Mellon for years,
and I know how much
it means to you.
And I could be happy
at a community college.
But you were so excited
when you got into Pepperdine.
Yeah, I know, but who knows?
Next year, maybe things
will be different
and I can transfer.
I don't know, Dixon.
It really doesn't seem fair.
Hey, it's okay.
You sure about this?
Yeah, I am.
Thank you.
You're not gonna start
crying now, are you?
Oh, shut up.
(laughs)
See you at prom.
Okay, so you should
probably drink plenty of fluid
and, uh, keep
your electrolytes up.
Ooh, you care about
my electrolytes.
Of course I care
about your electrolytes.
I love
your electrolytes.
Thank you.
Okay, so the phone is
by your bed,
if you need to call me
for any reason.
Know where my phone is.
Don't hesitate
to call me for anything.
Serious.
Would you go to prom already?
(laughing)
Go, go.
I'm going, I'm going.
Maybe I shouldn't go.
We talked about this, Navid.
You're not gonna miss
your Senior Prom.
It's not an option.
Well, I'm gonna miss you.
You can stare at a picture of me
on your phone.
And dance with it
Okay.
and kiss it.
Oh, uh, I almost forgot--
your pills.
Promise me you won't
forget to take these.
I won't.
You want me to set
an alarm or something?
'Cause I can do that.
I don't need an alarm.
Thanks, Dad.
(laughs)
Hey, Navid.
Yeah?
Did you get rid
of my old bottle of pills?
No. Aren't you supposed
to drop them off
at Dr. Landale tomorrow?
Yeah, but they're
not in here.
Well, maybe you threw them away.
Uh, no, I didn't.
In fact, I just saw them
in here last night,
when I was dyeing my hair.
You sure?
Positive.
No one's been
in here since then,
except for you, me
and Adrianna.
Oh.
There's no reason
Adrianna would have
thrown out my pills, is there?
No.
Unless...
Oh, my God.
She never forgave me.
What, what are you
talking about?
Adrianna... I...
she messed with my pills.
How could she have done that?
She must have switched them out
for a placebo or something.
Of course! That's why there was
no trace of them in my system.
Adrianna did this!
Silver...
I know that you and Ade
have had your problems,
but there's no way that she
would do something like that.
But she was
the last one in here.
Look, the doctor said
that you might still experience
episodes of paranoia
until your medicine
totally kicks in.
Hey, it's been a long
long couple of days.
I really just think
you need some more
time to relax, okay?
Just get some more rest.
Yeah, okay.
It's weird, though.
No...
You're right, you're right,
I'm just being paranoid.
Let me tuck you in.
(giggles)
You look so cute.
I won't be long.
Have fun.
I will.
(giggles)
(door shuts)
Mademoiselle.
LIAM: Here we are.
You look great.
ANNIE:
Thanks, handsome.
I can't believe
we're at our Senior Prom.
When did we get so old?
Oh, please-- we're still young,
we're still hot,
and we're gonna
wreck this party.
(laughs)
Oh, my God.
LIAM:
Whoa. This is crazy.
(eerie electronic tones playing)
NAVID: Whoa. Are we...
we in the right place?
TEDDY: We must be.
There's Dixon.
So, what do you think?
I think it's kinda like
a bad acid trip.
Kill me now.
Shall we dance?
Yeah.
Come on.
(dance music plays)
Would you like a drink?
Thank you.
Cheers.
CASEY: Here she is.
Hey, Ivy,
is it true you were chosen
for the Hurley team?
Yeah... It's really,
it's not that big of a deal.
Are you kidding?
You'll probably be on
magazine covers and stuff.
Get to surf
all over the world.
You're gonna be so famous.
CASEY: You're dating
a rock star, dude.
She's going places.
Could we take a picture
with you?
Yeah, sure. Why not?
Okay. Awesome.
All right.
Okay...
One, two, three.
Okay, one more.
One...
two... smile!
Oh, so cute!
Thank you so much.
Yeah.
I'm so excited for you.
Congratulations again.
Bye.
♪ ♪
Dixon!
Harper!
I'm right here.
Okay? What?
Have you been
in the bathroom?
No.
We have to do something.
It's like Sodom and
Gomorrah in there.
Smoking and drinking,
and all kinds
of inappropriate
inter-gender contact.
We could get sued.
We could get arrested!
ANNIE:
Hey, Harper.
None of this
was my idea.
All right.
Can I talk to Dixon
for a second? Alone?
Sure. Come and meet me
in the girls' bathroom
when you're done.
Okay.
(laughs)
What's up?
I have some really
good news for you.
Okay. Well, let's hear it.
You are going to
Pepperdine next year.
No, Annie, I meant
what I said...
And I am going to
Carnegie Mellon.
Uh... wait. How?
I sold Marla's necklace.
You would not believe
what it was worth.
Oh my God,
Annie, what...
But it meant
so much to you.
Yeah, well...
so do you.
And I am sure that
Marla would approve.
Wow.
I'm blown away.
Come here.
You're not going to start
crying now, are you?
Okay, okay.
Come on.
Hey, guys!
Guess what?
I'm going to Pepperdine.
I'm going to Pepperdine!
(whooping)
Awesome!
♪ ♪
Hey, handsome.
(laughs)
How are you?
(sighs)
I'm okay.
Do you want to dance?
No, I don't
want to dance.
Can you just, uh...
leave me alone, Ade?
Are we ever going to talk
about what happened?
I, uh, I don't even
remember what happened.
I'll remind you.
We kissed.
And you told me
you loved me.
I highly doubt that, Ade.
It's true.
Navid, you have
to talk to me.
After everything we
did the other night?
Everything you said?
I don't know what
I said the other night.
I don't care what I said.
I, I know what I feel,
and I can tell you, Ade,
from the bottom of my heart,
that I do not love you.
I love Silver.
Just leave me
the hell alone.
(laughing)
Ooh!
RAJ:
This bowtie's throwing
me off, man.
(boys laughing)
Uh-oh, here comes
the old ball and chain.
Ooh.
Okay... Um...
I've been looking
for you everywhere.
Are you drunk?
I'm getting there.
All right. Okay. Why don't you
come back inside with me?
No.
I'm good here.
With my boys.
This is, uh...
Pete.
And Sully.
Pete and Sully!
Right. Okay.
Well, then have fun
with Pete and Sully.
and if at any
point you actually
come back inside
and dance
with your girlfriend,
you let me know.
Ivy, w-wait, wait.
We can dance right here.
Haven't you ever seen
an Indian guy moonwalk?
(Pete and Sully snickering)
♪ ♪
Excuse me, um...
DIXON: Okay, okay.
Everybody. Everybody.
(cheering)
All right,
all right, all right.
Can I have everybody's
attention, please?
First and foremost,
I want to thank you all
for coming out tonight,
and welcome to the future.
(cheering)
DIXON:
Okay. Uh...
Well, guys, your votes are in,
and now it is time for us
to crown this year's
Prom King and Queen.
(drum rolling)
And now...
your West Beverly Hills High
School Senior Prom Queen is...
Naomi Clark.
Oh!
HARPER:
And the Prom King
is...
Teddy Montgomery.
GIRL:
Go, Teddy!
DIXON:
Now would either one of you
guys like to have
a few words...
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
This is...
an honor, if not a surprise.
NAOMI:
Four years ago,
my father tried to talk me
into going to a private school.
But I said no, because
I wanted to be at a school
where I was truly needed.
And of course
I didn't want to wear those
God-awful plaid skirts.
But anyway, it has
been my privilege
to lead you for
the last four years.
So tonight, I would
like you all to know
that I love each
and every one of you
just as much as you love me.
Thanks.
GIRL:
Go, Teddy!
DIXON: A man of very few words,
ladies and gentlemen.
Now, will the king and queen
please make their way
to the dance floor
for their coronation dance.
DJ?
♪ ♪
Congratulations, Naomi.
You make a beautiful queen.
Right back at you.
(giggles)
(groans) It's been
a crazy year, huh?
Mmm, yes, it has.
I mean, look
at our prom dates.
I am with the nerdiest
guy in our class.
And you're dating a dude.
Yeah.
But we somehow manage
to still be the most
popular kids in school.
Go figure, huh?
Hey, Your Highness...
you mind if I cut in?
I've never danced
with a prom queen before.
She's all yours.
Thanks, man.
So, will you dance with me?
Who am to refuse the king?
(chuckles)
♪ ♪
(chuckling)
(sighs)
Congratulations, Naomi.
Prom queen.
It is quite an honor.
Not that I'm surprised.
Well, you'll
be happy to know
that instead of spending
the day before prom in a spa,
I wrote my paper.
How's that for a surprise?
Yes, I read it this afternoon,
and, in fact,
I was surprised.
It's definitely
an "A" paper.
Really?
Which is how I know
you didn't write it.
What are you
talking about?
The paper was
well-written, incisive,
thought-provoking.
And there's no
way you wrote it.
What are you saying?
I cheated?
I stayed up all night,
writing that paper,
and I wrote
every single word.
I can't believe
you think that.
You know what?
We'll discuss this
at a more
appropriate time
with Principal Nowack.
Go on. Have fun tonight.
'Cause I don't think you're
going to be having fun
on graduation day.
Ivy, been looking
all over for you.
I want you to
meet somebody.
This is Kristi.
Hi.
Kristi is an actress.
and she's from Ohio.
And, uh, yeah.
She's just working as a waitress
until she gets her big break.
Well, you sure
seem to know
quite a lot
about Kristi.
Yeah, well, uh...
I was thinking that, um,
maybe the three of us
could get out of here,
get a hotel room,
maybe... maybe
have some fun.
You want the three of
us to "go have some fun"?
Yeah.
Well, I'm... I'm dying.
I got to live every
moment to the fullest.
Check off that
bucket list.
You know what, Raj?
You are...
You are an ass, man.
(knocking at door)
Ade?
What are you doing here?
What's wrong?
I have to tell
you something.
Okay.
I cannot keep it
from you any longer.
It's tearing me up inside.
What? What is it?
The other night, when
you were at the hospital,
I drove Navid home.
I'm so sorry, Silver.
He kissed me.
I-I pushed him away
right away.
But what are you
talking about?
That can't be true.
He cheated on me
and he tried to cheat on you.
I can't believe it.
I'm so sorry, Silver.
I just...
I had to tell you.
Do you hate me?
No, I don't hate you.
You didn't do anything.
I hate Navid.
♪ ♪
What a night.
You were prom queen.
And after four years
of "Will they?
Won't they?"
Alan and Alex might
finally do it.
They're like the Bella
and Edward of the geek set.
Are you okay?
No.
Mr. Phillips just accused me
of cheating
on my history paper.
It's just... people like him
underestimate people like me,
because we're insanely
beautiful, or...
What? What's the matter?
I may have made
a few changes to your paper
after you went to sleep.
Yeah, you said you were
going to proofread it
for grammar and spelling.
Yeah, I did.
And... I also cleaned up
the sentence structure,
and I polished a few
of the ideas.
And I maybe wrote
a new thesis statement.
Max! Why would
you do that?!
You said my
paper was great.
It was.
Hey, it was great.
It was all there.
It was-it was just...
a little... rough,
and I was worried that it
wasn't going to be good enough
for you to pass his class.
So, maybe I overdid it a bit.
I-I-I...
Hey, I'm sorry.
I can't believe
you did this.
I know how much it means
for you to go to C.U.
I didn't want to take
any chances. Come...
♪ ♪
Threw a hell of a
party, huh, Harper?
People are having
a good time, aren't they?
I'm sorry for being
such a raging bitch.
On the bright side,
I didn't get shingles
like I did after
Freshman Turnabout.
Can I ask you a question?
Why do you volunteer
for the dance committee
if it turns you into
such a stress case?
I guess...
I guess maybe being on
the dance committee
gives me an excuse to
actually come to the dance.
The truth is, not once,
in four years,
has anyone ever asked me.
Hey, uh, want
to go dance?
Really?
Yeah. Come on.
(musical tempo
and rhythm changes)
I'm sorry.
You know what, Raj?
Not okay. All right?
You cannot do that.
You cannot treat
me like that.
I know.
And yes, yes, you got
some horrible news
from the doctor.
Okay, I understand that.
But that does not give you
the right to be a jackass.
You're right. I'm a jackass.
I'm no good for you.
What? Okay...
I get it.
Is this your way of-of
trying to scare me off
or something?
What?
Okay, yeah, Raj,
you know what?
No. That's not going
to work, all right?
I don't scare that easy, so
you might as well stop trying.
Look, Ivy...
you are wasting
your time with me.
You have an incredible future.
You have your whole life
ahead of you--
surfing, traveling the world.
I cannot let you sacrifice that
for what is literally
a dead-end relationship.
Raj, Raj,
stop that.
I'm not going to
stop it!
I'm dying, Ivy.
If you-if you stay with me,
you're gonna watch me
wither away.
It only gets worse from here.
And you don't think
I know that, Raj?
I mean, what do
you take me for?
Some sort of superficial bitch
or something?
Okay, I want to be
with you. I do.
I want to be with you...
for all of it.
For the good and the bad,
and, I...
I want to be there...
you know, until the end,
if that's what it comes down to.
Okay, I mean, I...
I'm in love with you.
And I couldn't leave you at this
point, even if I wanted to.
Dixon, come on.
It's nothing
to be ashamed of.
We just want to know,
how long
have you and Harper
been a couple?
You know what guys?
Seriously?
You can bite me.
Take it from me.
It's a lot easier
once you come out.
LIAM: Have you brought her
home to Deb yet?
Navid, please help me
out here. Please...
I think she's perfect
for you.
You guys really suck.
I'm so glad I'm graduating.
TEDDY:
Is that Silver?
LIAM:
What's she doing here?
What's going on?
Are you okay?
Is it true?
What?
You know what.
Ade told me what happened,
but I want to hear it from you.
Did you kiss her?
(softly):
Hey, I don't know,
I don't know
what I... if I did...
if I can't, I can't remember...
I was drinking, and...
Can't remember?
It's all right, I swear.
Wait...
I never want to
see you again.
DIXON:
So, wait. Who told you this?
Well, you know,
just a couple people,
saying you and Harper
were all over each other.
This is a nightmare.
It-it was just one dance.
I felt sorry for her.
So you're not
really dating?
DIXON:
No!
(giggling)
DIXON:
Uh, hey, what's going on?
Is everything okay?
Everything's fine.
Why don't you have a seat?
This is Mr. Schwartz.
He's Marla Templeton's attorney.
Okay.
I represent the estate
of Marla Templeton.
My role is to carry out her
wishes as expressed in her will.
Marla has decided
to leave her entire estate
to you, Annie.
♪ ♪
Ivy...
did you really mean
what you said?
About... staying
with me until the end?
Yeah. Of course I did.
Then marry me.
Raj, come on-- don't
joke around like that.
I'm serious.
I want to spend
the rest of my life with you.
Will you marry me?
Yes.